feat: Properly demangle Swift class name (#2162)
getsentry/sentry-cocoa: develop-docs/README.md

the iOS 12 simulator a try.

Related to [GH-2218](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-cocoa/issues/2218)

> ### Adding Swift code in the project

Reviewer: Thank you, @brustolin, for adding an entry here, so we know in the future why we decided that way.

Date: October 1st 2022
Contributors: @brustolin

> A Sentry SDK started to be [written in Swift once,](https://github.com/getsentry/raven-swift) but due to ABI not being stable at that time, it got dropped. Since then Swift 5.1 landed and we got ABI stability. We’ve considered adding Swift to our sentry.cocoa SDK since then, but because of some of the trade offs, we’ve postponed that decision.

Reviewer: `l`: Swift 5.0 brought ABI stability, see https://www.swift.org/blog/swift-5-released/
```suggestion
A Sentry SDK started to be [written in Swift once,](https://github.com/getsentry/raven-swift) but due to ABI not being stable at that time, it got dropped. Since then Swift 5.0 landed and we got ABI stability. We’ve considered adding Swift to our sentry.cocoa SDK since then, but because of some of the trade offs, we’ve postponed that decision.
```

This changed with our goal to better support SwiftUI. It’s growing in popularity and we need to write code in Swift in order to support it.

> SwiftUI support will be available through an adicional library, but in order to support it we need to be able to demangle Swift class names in Sentry SDK, which can be done by using Swift API.

Reviewer: `l`: Typos
```suggestion
SwiftUI support will be available through an additional library, but to support it, we need to be able to demangle Swift class names in Sentry SDK, which can be done by using Swift API.
```

> Since we support SPM, and SPM don't support multi language projects, we need to create two different targets, one with Swift and another with Objective-c code, because of that our Swift code in SPM resides in a different module, which requires a different import in projects, and for now, this is the reason we should avoid writing public API in Swift. But, everything written in Swift will be public if users import Sentry via CocoaPods or Carthage.

Reviewer: `h`: Can't we remove that?

> But everything written in Swift will be public if users import Sentry via CocoaPods or Carthage.

Reviewer: > We need to be very aware of everything we write in Swift right now because of this last sentence.

I thought we found a way to avoid everything being public. As discussed in the stand-up, we should avoid this.

the iOS 12 simulator a try.

Related to [GH-2218](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-cocoa/issues/2218)

### Adding Swift code in the project

Date: October 1st 2022
Contributors: @brustolin

A Sentry SDK started to be [written in Swift once,](https://github.com/getsentry/raven-swift) but due to ABI not being stable at that time, it got dropped. Since then Swift 5.0 landed and we got ABI stability. We’ve considered adding Swift to our sentry.cocoa SDK since then, but because of some of the trade offs, we’ve postponed that decision.
This changed with our goal to better support SwiftUI. It’s growing in popularity and we need to write code in Swift in order to support it.
SwiftUI support will be available through an additional library, but to support it, we need to be able to demangle Swift class names in Sentry SDK, which can be done by using Swift API.

> Since we support SPM, and SPM doesn't support multi-language projects, we need to create two different targets, one with Swift and another with Objective-C code. Because of that, our Swift code in SPM resides in a different module, which requires a different import in projects, and for now, this is the reason we should avoid writing public API in Swift.

Reviewer: `m`: I think that part here needs updating with the information from the discussion we had today

Related to [GH-2218](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-cocoa/issues/2218)

### Adding Swift code in the project

Date: October 1st 2022
Contributors: @brustolin

A Sentry SDK started to be [written in Swift once,](https://github.com/getsentry/raven-swift) but due to ABI not being stable at that time, it got dropped. Since then Swift 5.0 landed and we got ABI stability. We’ve considered adding Swift to our sentry.cocoa SDK since then, but because of some of the trade offs, we’ve postponed that decision.
This changed with our goal to better support SwiftUI. It’s growing in popularity and we need to write code in Swift in order to support it.
SwiftUI support will be available through an additional library, but to support it, we need to be able to demangle Swift class names in Sentry SDK, which can be done by using Swift API.
Since we support SPM, and SPM doesn't support multi-language projects, we need to create two different targets, one with Swift and another with Objective-C code. Because of that, our swift code needs to be public, so we're creating a second module called SentryPrivate, where all swift code will be, and we need an extra cocoapod library. 

> With this approach, classes from SentryPrivate will not be available when users import Sentry.

Reviewer: 💯 Thanks Dhiogo
